(peaceful music)
It's been said that numbers and geometry
are among the fundamental building blocks of life.
More fundamental yet, are energy and intention.
Lloyd Mear was ahead of his time in coming to
the understanding that each and every ailment,
nutrient, emotion, and so forth, has its own frequency,
signified by a sequence of numbers.
After years of research, he found that by reciting
the correlative number, for balancing a particular ailment,
that the body would respond the same as with
the physical antidote.
It's loosely speaking, a matter of healing by the numbers.
Lloyd this is really a very interesting
an esoteric topic, because you're reducing
the healing frequencies to numbers.
And yet if you look at the world of physics, even quantum
physics, it seems that everything comes down
to numbers and geometry.
In terms of the building blocks of life.
So as you start explaining this, let's get
a little background.
How did you originally begin this part of your career?
You were an electrical engineer by trade, right?
Civil.
Civil engineer by trade.
So how did you originally get into this
form of using essentially building blocks of
the physical universe for healing?
I worked with a physicist
who is a very knowledgeable individual and we
were working on the energetic development of gold.
And basically in nature, gold nuggets in streams
are developed energetically as the water flows
in picking up energy in the various
contacts of rocks along the way.
The energy comes together and at some given point
the final link in the formula,
nature's formula, basically comes into play
and when that happens, the gold develops into
a micron particle.
And it has an attraction to its own kind, and it basically
finds another particle and gold nuggets build
particle upon particle upon particle.
And in trying to develop the understanding of
how we could make that happen in a set,
rather than a natural setting, but in a home setting,
we were working with energy and energy from various rocks.
And it was his opinion that at some point,
everything reduces to mathematical numbers.
If you could ever establish that point.
And I basically in my approach to doing my work
I doused out and asked the question, and got
the confirmation that yes, it is all a mathematical reality.
So in that sense, not to put a mystical
spin on it, but it seems to often
be equated with that.
This was alchemy in a sense --
Strictly.
Strictly, yes.
Oh, right to the T.
And not knowing all that the alchemists may have known
we were basically trying to find our own way there
by duplicating mother nature where we could
witness and we'd go to streams where gold is basically
extractable from the gravel and then measure the energies
that are all accumulating at that point
and trying to identify each and every one so that
we could nail down the
capability of producing metal in a very, totally alchemic...
Alchemical. Alchemically.
Alchemical form, and that was the venture that we were on
and then I basically had some health issues myself
and started to pursue how I could help my own
health issues and that was really my insight
into what we could do in a real world,
but I was doing it even at that time
in having to have the physical energy from rocks.
That bore the energy that we were looking for
that I had determined would be beneficial.
It was only after that that I determined
that all this stuff is really frequency based,
and frequencies are all controlled by mathematics.
If in fact you had a machine that put out a frequency
you're gonna input numbers to create that frequency
and so why not you be the machine?
So that realization, that by taking a number and
repeating it, it's like a mantra, at some point
that number is part of you and you've just sent
an intention to the body as you would be doing
if it was a frequency machine, or whether it was a
pharmaceutical chemically originated drug,
which has an energy pattern, and we determined
that the mathematics is basically the control
of all energy.
Well this brings up a couple different
lines of thought.
So let's go back to the devices you were talking about.
You were referring I assume to say, Rife type
technologies for example, where a
there is a protocol book that was created by
Roe, Rim, and Rife and expanded on
and also other versions of it created by other individuals
throughout history.
And you have a box that generates a particular frequency,
that frequency is given a numeric value.
So you're saying cut out the middle man,
i.e. cut out the box.
Yeah that's what we discovered that
not knowing their frequencies as whether or not
the electrical interplay in the machine
basically produced a benefit by their numbering system
and we don't use the electrical interplay
so my numbers don't require that,
and I don't know whether that is good or bad
but the fact is you are the interplay yourself,
you are the frequency generator.
Well it's becoming more and more refined,
or the term they use in the field of quantum physics
is more elegant in that
we're reducing these potentials,
the field of potentials as time goes on down to
some very simple concepts really.
We're looking at, in your case we're looking at
numbers and intention.
Now what is the difference between using the numbers
versus just going directly to the intention alone?
If you can perfect the intention accurate enough
that the body recognizes the intention,
then you perhaps don't need numbers.
But the precision of a concept, and to be able to hold
that concept so precise that you can pass it
to somebody else and it's interpreted exactly the same way
as you had done your success,
is probably the problem.
The mathematical equation puts you into almost
a state of meditation
but it's a controlled meditation and you meditate the number
and you meditate the number again,
so the control over the thought is so much more accurately
delivered in a mathematical equation
than it would be in a thought process which has a
possibility of variating from one person to the next.
Well it has emotions, it has filters,
it has misinterpretations, I can see what you're saying.
So it creates more of a precision but also
you just said something really key, it seems that
those numbers, okay so when you have identified through
using the dousing rods, what is going on with an individual,
that's your method for divination?
Of getting very precise, and you've worked on this for
eight years to develop the protocols and be very precise
as to the causal effects, be it spiritual, mental,
emotional, physical, bacterial, you name it,
you've got that part down, so once you've identified
what the issue is and you then have a numerical
sequence for a person, is the person then
to hold the intention while they read that number?
Or is the intention now embedded in the number?
The intention is the number.
The number is the message, and that is what sends
the intention to the body.
Now what we do is that we don't determine or diagnose
anything, all we do is check numbers.
We have developed a book of numbers
that deal with normalcy in various parts of
the functions of the body.
Bounds are out of balance.
That's right, so all we do is check to see if
you have the number.
If you don't have the number it's very possible
you have the problem.
And so we basically introduce you to the number
and as you basically utilize and repeat that number
over, any number six, seven, eight, nine, ten times
then you basically send an intention to the body
and that number now becomes part of the body
and you now have moved back into balance.
It's not unlike a radio, that you turn a radio
to a certain number on a dial
and you get a certain frequency, you get a certain program.
Now if that number gets slightly off,
all you have is static, you can't hear the program
you have to adjust the number.
The body functions
literally the same way in that you have frequencies
in your body, perhaps as many as 1.2 million
frequencies in the human body.
And they've all got a very precise number.
Now if you get off number, then you basically are delivering
static to that unit in your body, whatever role its playing
in the systems, each one of these frequencies is
delivering a part of a system, or a part of
an energy pattern, and if it's off frequency
then it isn't getting delivered,
and so what it's role is in the body isn't getting
supplied and consequently the body's out of balance.
So we don't diagnose anything, we just look
for missing numbers.
Right, and it needs to be made clear
this is not a medical model, not based on medicine,
has nothing to do with the medical model whatsoever
you're looking at frequencies, you're looking at energetic
imbalances and balances and you're identifying them
by number, and you're also helping rebalance
that particular missing frequency by number.
Yes. Totally.
So going back to where we were a moment ago,
that number becomes a very precise mantra
for that particular field that's out of balance.
An aspect of your blood, be it an organ,
a gland, muscular tissues, it really can be anything at all.
It is and it's primarily we describe what we do
as an automobile and we look after the engine,
the transmission, the running gear,
all of which has to be very precise in order to function.
And it's the same in every vehicle.
It's got a motor, it's got a transmission, there may
be variations in the motor, but it is a motor
it is a transmission.
Now when it comes to the emotional side of the body,
which is very important, I'm not belittling it,
or the spiritual side of the body, which is also
very important, they can also have a wide range
of choice in those areas.
It isn't so defined as the motor, the transmission,
the braking system is concerned.
You have a choice, you can be one religion
you can be another, and you get along quite nicely in life.
So we basically deal with the running gear,
that part that can be turned in to a mathematical reality
which is very difficult to do in the emotional end of it
because it is so much more varied, and
it's very hard to pin down what is right and what is wrong.
The building blocks that you work with
often fundamentally from what I understand,
are your chromosomal structure of any given person
to see if there are chromosomes that are off.
We work as much as we can at the stem cell
and the chromosome level, and get back to the
very basics and make sure that the very basic part
of the human body is in balance.
And we find that by doing that, that more often than not
a lot of corrections are made by the body itself
because you are now in balance and perhaps your
ill health has been an out of balance situation
and so we attempt to find the very bases
of a balance and work from that level.
That brings me to the formation, the chromosomes,
in utero, so you, I remember last time we were talking
you were telling me a little bit about what happens
in utero, cause can these chromosomes
be corrected in utero?
In the human body? Oh yes.
I mean as a baby's developing as a fetus
is developing, let's talk about that from the very beginning
and then influences the mother onto the child.
We've never had an opportunity to work at the fetal stage
but certainly once they are a live human being,
yes we've worked with some children that have been
very very young, have had some major problems
and heading for major operations in the medical field
and by disbalancing their energy, the operations
were diverted and never did have to be taken
so it's a matter of being able to balance out their basic
energy and so it can happen, and animals
are even more receptive.
Although small children are very reactive,
they're very receptive, animals --
Because they don't have the belief systems
in place that this is impossible.
Right, and they're not dealing with that element.
I just remembered that the thing we were talking
about before is something about the fetus
absorbing certain nutrients? Chemicals?
What are they from the atmosphere?
And this effect, can you talk about that?
Well the concept I have is that it's strictly
an energy source.
And energy coming throughout the universe
comes from many sources, it can be from the sun
it can be from the solar system,
but these are energies that exist in the solar
pattern around the Earth.
And three of the ingredients that I've identified
that I believe are up there is hydrogen 2,
which is called deuterium, technetium,
which is an energy in our periodic chart,
it's recognized as an energy or as a mineral
but it also recognized not to be found on Earth
other than its scrap form which is basically
remnants of a shooting star or solar activity.
And the third one is promethium, and promethium
is an energy that is also recognized
that has very low identification of extraction
on the face of the Earth, but apparently
there has been some extraction in that mineral form.
But these are energetic minerals
that do come into the fetus.
There's no indication that the mother takes them on
but the fetus has the ability to draw them in,
both animal and human, to draw in these energies
in the development stage.
My opinion is that in some cases, for whatever reason,
some of these minerals are deficient in the
fetal development, and when that happens
then you end up with consequence of
perhaps autism, it would be a good example.
Autism is perhaps somewhat brought on
by a deficiency in this development state.
Now either because of the influence of the mother
or perhaps of the diminishing energy of that type.
And it may well be that it is diminishing
in its form on Earth to the point
that you don't get quite enough of it.
And that being the case, it may be something
that someday we may look to supplement
in the development of fetal,
and in order to make sure that that happens
and it has effect on the offspring
and in the digestive tract, and this hydrogen 2
is deficient in the fetal development.
And these are all theoretical because obviously
I haven't got the power to work with them,
but in working with autism and what not
I get the indication that that there are some deficiencies
developing from the mother
and of course it plays out in an autistic form after birth.
Well how did you even discover the
importance of the role of these particular energetic
signatures or nutrients?
Well I basically just asked the question and my wand
will move and answer yes or it wont move
and it'll give me no.
So I can ask any question I want.
But I'm thinking how did you ever even
refine it down to the discovery of these three
energetic forces or energetic minerals?
It happens periodically without having any real
explanation, it's just a whim or a thought
and I get asking questions and I get some guidance,
but all at once it will show up
as something to look into, and then I start
to deal with that and then I find, oh that comes from heaven
and it's just very difficult at this stage to tell you
precisely when these things, sort of the lights went on,
Right, but it is interesting cause this is
this whole hydrogen 2 and these various,
again energetic nutrients or minerals you've talked about
are not things we commonly hear about.
No, and that's probably part of the missing link
in research as to the energetic reality
of what we are, and what life is is really only starting
to come to light.
That we can start to realize that hey, we are but energy
and my theory in a very simple form is
that we perhaps are nothing more than
a can of soda.
And we come out of heaven in form of energy
and we are basically given life at the birth.
And we basically exhaust that can of soda
throughout life until finally it's empty
and the can goes back to heaven
where it's basically recycled back in and refilled
and it comes back in the form of life.
So perhaps the energy of life is non-creatable
and certainly non-destructible.
It's just an evolution of use of energy
for various periods of time.
And so the closer, my opinion is
the closest and the simpler you can get
in dealing with a concept of nature,
the closer you are to the reality.
Yes and it makes total sense, we cannot
not be impacted by the cosmos, not only in our
development but in our day-to-day living.
That is as much a part of us as the Earth is a part of us
elementally speaking, so do you supplement
the body or the being with this H2 number
or do you go into those specific elements
we just spoke about?
Well we create several products.
Some of them are in number form
and you basically impose those numbers on your body
or we also create a water product
and the water is charged with these energy numbers.
Homeopathically, really?
As close to homeopathy as you can imagine.
So by having that in to water, when you consume the water
or even hold the water, particularly on the left
hand side of your body, excuse me.
Left hand side of your body is your incoming energy flow.
The right hand side is your exhaust or
your exhausting of energy, so you want all your energy
to flow in the left hand side.
And so by doing that, these energies can come
either from the water, in contact with
the left hand side of the body,
the energy from the water will actually extend
into the body, or you can do it with numbers.
By placing numbers on the left hand side of the body,
believe it or not, but the numbers will actually
the intent will actually enter in to the body.
Yeah, sure. It makes sense.
And I see no other explanation for it other than
everything has an intention, and the body
recognizes that intention and is able to absorb it.
And perhaps that's the least understood about
the human body, is how does it understand intention?
And perhaps that is really the secret of the human body
is that it's abilities do understand intentions.
Yes, I mean this is in the terms of some people
this is a quantum virtual reality
that is all highly programmable, programmable with
our thoughts, our beliefs, our feelings and everything else.
Handed down customs, traditions,
and belief systems.
I wanted to go back just for a moment to the
subject of autism.
When we talked before, last week I think it was,
we were talking about subject of enzymes
turning food into toxins in the body.
Well I'm not an authority on autism,
but it appears that at some stage of infancy
for whatever reason, that the body may be
totally normal, but it takes on an abnormality
at some point, maybe at the age of three or
around that time frame.
And all at once this autism experience starts to evolve.
And there's a good possiblity that the shortage
of that energy I spoke of just briefly,
basically doesn't allow certain enzymes to develop
in the digestive system.
So consequently the intaking of food and maybe
the changing of food types
leads to a development of a toxic
capability rather than an energy capability.
And so it's a matter of what is it that's missing
in the body because there seems to be some evidence
of research going on as to when they watch the diet
or have a very specific diet that the degree of autism
can be reversed to far more to normalcy,
which would play into my concept that
there is a missing link in the body's ability
to convert food into an energy form
in these particular situations.
Now there's many people feel that the immunization
step is the trigger that brings on the autism.
In our realm of study, it plays a more minor role
than a major role, but we have evidence that plastic
plays a much bigger role, and the energies in plastic
contributing to this autistic move,
along with the, I think it's called Thermasol --
Thimerosal.
Thimerosal, yeah. Thimerosal is also a contributor
but it is not a big player as plastics are.
And you're talking about plastics that would
be absorbed say from the time a baby goes onto
formulas for example.
Could well be in the content of the baby bottle.
Could be in the effect of a plastic in their crib.
I mean it's not all plastics that are a contributor
but there are certain plastics that may be
a major contributor.
That research has to be carried out to
determine that to be the case.
But what we do is we develop numbers that counter
so we don't necessarily go out and spend a bunch
of effort trying to identify the source of these things
we spend more time trying to develop
a number that counters, and so you have
a neutralizing effect.
Have you done this with autism in the past?
We don't get a lot of autism, we've dealt with a few.
We're dealing with them in a much later stage in life.
Some of them in their twenties.
So it's perhaps a long time gone.
Probably something that would be better dealt with
perhaps in the fetal stage or perhaps
shortly thereafter at the very least.
And maybe we've only got pieces of the puzzle.
We don't have the whole solution but
we have pieces that should be looked at
in the solving of the problem.
No, that's very interesting and I hope that
there are people watching this that do have
some research capability, that have studied autism
that might take this information and use it
and plug it in, yeah.
Interesting, well let's talk about
some of the anecdotal situations,
you've been doing this for eight years
and your wife Phyllis spend a lot of time on the road
going to communities who have
experienced your work before and then they invite
you back every few months or at least every year.
The point is you're getting a lot of repeat business.
Oh, yes.
And that means that you must be doing something
right otherwise you wouldn't be asked back so frequently
so let's just assume that what you're doing works.
Let's talk about a few situations that you would like
to share, and one of them I'm going to
ask you to share is having to do with the
unruly kids in the classroom.
The theory is that
you have a dimensional reality in where populations
are around the world based on any number of things.
Some are controlled by religions, some of them
are controlled by fear.
Some of them are controlled by lack of education I suppose.
Others in other parts of the world are wide open
to learning and to understanding and perhaps
not so controlled by dogmatic religions.
And you find that the population has a
dimensional presence, and perhaps if we went
back to the very early days,
we were in the first dimension and that would
make us maybe 80% animal and 20% human.
And we basically lived in a cave or whatever it was
available to accommodate, we didn't create
we just basically stayed alive.
And we advanced at some point into the
second dimension, which was perhaps 20% animal
80% human, and we started to learn how to farm
to some extent, we learned how to build
or to help ourself in developing a domicile.
And then we moved into the third dimension,
and the third dimension was early in my lifetime
and on into my middle lifetime,
we were in the third dimension.
And the third dimension is about 20% light perhaps
and about 80% human.
So we've left the animal world by this time
and you are now into the world of the reality of human.
And starting to appreciate the enlightenment
of what we really are.
And these are dimensions of consciousness
that we are expanding?
That's right and we have no control over them
and we have no way of changing them.
We sort of somebody or something sort of graduates
us into the dimensions.
More recently, probably in the last two or three yerars
we've seen a movement into the fifth dimension.
Now the fourth dimension was a stepping stone
as some people ended up in the fourth dimension
on their way to the fifth.
Relatively short time duration.
A number of people have moved into the sixth dimension
and the sixth dimension at this time appears to be
out of balance to the energetic surroundings.
What would exemplify that? What type of people
or behaviors?
You would find it very often in the case of
get my initials right, ADD type of thing.
You'd also find it in perhaps often in the
identification of indigos by name
and these people are in this.
They perhaps are a little more intuitive
than what we would see in the fifth dimension,
but they're also in a very chaotic state of mind.
They can't finish the thought,
they can't create a plan.
Their mind just is not stable enough to allow them
to function properly.
We have developed the ability to be able to bring
them back to the fifth dimension.
And it's not uncommon that once they're back in the
fifth dimension that they move to the eighth dimension.
And the eighth dimension is also a very stable
dimension at this time, so you go five
and you can go to eight.
People that work in the alternative health field
and are dealing with perhaps trying to understand
more the reality of energetics and how it plays
will find themselves all at once in the eighth dimension.
And that type of person --
So this is very expanded type of consciousness
or awareness?
It's basically just a higher degree of enlightenment.
And so their light may be a 40% enlightened
60% percent human, maybe even 50% enlightened.
So it's more of an enlightenment and perhaps
a day will come that we will
move into the 12th dimension, and
there's virtually nobody in the 12th dimension at this time
but it indicates it's there and someday
you're about 80% enlightened at that time
and 20% human, so it's just a much higher level
of enlightenment, whatever that really means.
That's interesting, now you started this part
of the conversation talking about
the collective type of vibration or dimensional
field within communities.
And I had brought up, and this was based
on our previous conversation too,
a little anecdote you had about
a classroom of kids that were essentially
behaving in a disorderly fashion.
And there's any number of them in schools today.
The ADD, ADI's, or whatever they're --
But you worked with the teacher
for that class, and I thought this was such a sweet story.
Yeah, she was basically going to quit teaching
and she had a class of eight or ten students
that were basically reading a book.
And they had read the book the year before,
and they were really learning how to understand
reading and English and
still fumbling over the same basic material.
And so we basically introduced her to the numbers
to bring them out of this potential sixth dimension
that they were probably in,
and bring them back to the fifth.
And so she had these group of children
to repeat, put the number on the blackboard perhaps
and they read the number over and over again
any number of times and all at once she found
that they totally came into a state of mind
of concentration, of basically listening,
and then this erratic behavior thing just evaporated away.
And so when she got back to us sometime later
to tell us that she was going to continue teaching.
Interesting --
We've also used it in another lady who was a teacher
and she put it on the blackboard.
Never asked the kids to read it, but it's on the blackboard
and it stays on the blackboard that one number.
And she found that the whole classroom,
whether the number had an intention
or whether the fact that perhaps the kids in being kids
would read the number anyway.
It's hard to say just what went on because she didn't
instruct anything, but she said there was a marked
quietness developed in the room and a much
higher attention span and attention availability
evolved out of that, and there's probably
in some way she managed to drag them out
of that sixth dimension.
Very interesting, that was the anecdote that
I was remembering, but you've worked with
every kind of thing and one of the stories that
I also like is the one about your wife
going into the hospital.
And she was trying to get out, and they said no
you can't go out until you pass the labs.
Can you, would you mind telling us that one?
She was suffering from a case of walking pneumonia
perhaps is a good example, and there are certain criteria
that they were looking for.
One was that the liver enzymes had to be below
a certain level, and that the oxygen content in the blood
had to be above a certain level.
Or they wouldn't let her out?
They wouldn't let her out, and she wasn't meeting this
criteria, and whatever treatment they were giving her
wasn't achieving it.
So she phoned me, and she said this is, after getting
the doctor to tell her the criteria, that your oxygen
content has to be above this level and gave her a number
and basically your enzyme level has to be below this number
and she had a number so she phoned me and gave me
the information, this is what we gotta achieve.
So I started working backwards.
How to get the liver enzymes to the adjustable level?
So you just doused your way to a series
of numbers that were correct?
I just asked questions and found out what was
causing the problem.
And I basically came up to me that there was a bacteria
virus in her system that was creating the problem
and preventing this liver enzyme balance
so I developed a number, give me a number
that will eliminate the bacterial viral condition
in Phyllis' body and I have my own way
of creating that number and in doing so
I developed a number.
Then I also did the same thing with regards to
the oxygen and I came up with two numbers then
I phoned her back and said try these numbers.
So she did the numbers and it basically eliminated
the bacterial virus so the enzyme count
came into comfort, and
whatever I did on the oxygen, I can't tell you
it's been years ago, but it basically allowed her
oxygen content to come up in her blood,
and so when the technician came around to do the tests
some hours later, and Phyllis said I will be
going home tomorrow.
And he as much as said, oh yeah.
Good luck.
Good luck, yeah.
And he walked her around the corridor, the hospital
as they do, and then took her tests and
you are going home tomorrow.
And so she was basically
eliminated the problem that either the medical
couldn't identify or didn't have the power to adjust.
And so we managed to create the energy
to offset her energy.
The second time that she had a problem
was some years later, and she was in
having a real difficult time with congestive heart disease
and in congestive heart disease, it builds up
a fluid and it enters into the heart chamber
so that the heart is pumping against a concentration
of fluid instead of into a
vacant cavity type of thing.
So in doing so, we had once again a bacterial
viral situation that we had not put our finger on yet
and so we had developed many others and she had
got rid of those but the problem was still there
so finally, I was able to develop this last number.
And all at once her whole system changed around
which I was able to identify.
But in the meantime, she had been moving
so little blood through her system that once it started
to open up and move, we feel that some old blood
in the system started to move.
And that was basically in a
congested or a congealed state.
And it entered into her body or into her brain
at some point, and she went into stroke mode.
As a form of a clot.
And so she went into a stroke mood and she was in
a hospital while this was taking place.
And so I was called to the hospital and when I walked in
her face was drooping, her eyes were buggy,
and she was slurring and I just said 7788
and she knew the number, that 778899003
is a number that sort of brings all the body
into more of a cooperative effort.
And within ten minutes, the mouth straightened up,
the eye went normal, the slur went away,
and the doctor just stood in amazement
that we had reversed the stroke situation
and that might have been a coincidence or might
have been something we did, who knows.
But the fact is that...
You had enough of a running history to
suggest that it had some play in it.
Now this gets into the whole subject of placebo.
You have many new studies now that say
it really doesn't matter what you do,
it's the belief of the person that's going to have
the greatest effect in the end.
So you could say well maybe it was just
the placebo, she'd seen other situations where
you'd had success with others.
However, this doesn't account for the fact that
it also has worked with animals for example.
Where there is no such belief system.
Maybe give us an example of an animal or two
that you worked on.
I think probably our more common animals
is types of cancer.
Dogs with cancer, cats with feline leukemia,
and what not and basically have developed
the numbers that counter those energies.
There'll all energies.
Right.
They're basically called cancer, but they're an energy.
And it's an excessive in the body, whether it be
in the animal or the human, in excessive form.
So consequently the body starts to
malfunction because of it.
And so you have to negate that energy
by putting another energy pattern in
that compromises it.
And that's really what we do, but it's all done
with numbers because the cancer is a number in itself.
It is a frequency.
And so we basically offset that frequency with
another frequency, now animals are very very responsive.
It takes very little to treat an animal and have
a great deal of success because
they're totally...
Neutral.
Neutral, yeah they don't have any qualms.
But when you're doing it with them, and you must
do it with your right hand feeding the energy
into their left hand side,
they will get squeamish and they will not
particularly like what you're doing.
They'll want to move so they'll feel that energy
coming in and so sometimes you don't get away
with getting a lot of readings before they
wanna move away on you.
If you're doing a horse, and he decides he doesn't
want anymore of that, you have a more difficult
time persuading than if you have a little pussy cat
that you can somehow wrap in a towel
and make sure it stays.
And we have taken, we have a horse at home,
it's now 31 years of age, that has been down
laying on its side and we have a number
that tells us that when we read that number
that that number, starting from the right hand side,
whatever part of that number is in place
is telling me how far or how close they are
to death because when that number's complete
they're gone.
And so we're able to use that number --
It's a death number.
Yes, it's a death number. So we're able to use
that number to identify oh, we've gotta move.
We have to do something now because
we're losing them.
So Phyllis went into the corral, the horse is laying there
basically comatose, and she starts reading numbers
into his left hand side for the heart,
the stomach, the lungs, and she just started
basically pouring in support energy to the horse
and the horse started to move a bit, started to flail
ultimately to where she had to leave the corral
and she came outside the corral and then basically
intuitively said numbers.
And by this time, we've done enough research
and I've done enough to identify that it has had
some hay with mold.
And it has got a case of stachybotrys mold in its body.
And we have numbers that counteract that energy.
So from outside the corral, she basically was
feeding this energy to the horse.
Which would probably be some 75 feet away.
And pretty soon the horse is up on its feet,
and night time came on and
woke up the next morning, he's still on his feet now
it's been two and a half years ago.
Now 31, so to realize...
to have animals to work with and we have
a number of cats and a dog and a horse --
And you've reversed the cancer in them?
Oh yes, our dog has a bit of a bladder problem
from time to time, and he will start to
leak a little bit, and so we have a number
that Phyllis reads into him and that leakage stops
for maybe a week or two and every once and a while
she has to read the number back into him
so he has a bit of a weakness in his bladder,
but she can actually help him keep that under control.
Then feline leukemia, we've had a number of cats
come down and become listless and what not
and we basically use the feline leukemia number
and they're back up full stream, so we've never
lost a cat and we have 11 of them
that have come to us, the bulk come as strays
and so, and we don't live in a concentrated area
we're a quarter of a mile from our next closest neighbor
so they come across the desert to reach us.
Right. Intuitively they find their way.
Perhaps.
Instinctively they find their way.
What about a couple of people stories
that are really just amazing because the person
may have been pretty far gone?
We had a fellow that we were working on in Toronto
and he'd been in the hospital with leukemia,
no not leukemia, cancer, he didn't have leukemia
he had cancer, and
he had had been in and out of the hospital a couple
of times and one day
he'd been in the hospital for several weeks,
maybe two or three weeks.
And basically they're doing their chemo, they're
doing their radiation, and all the rest of it
and I checked our life number and my god
he's about halfway up the list.
You mean he's fairly close to death?
Yeah, he was basically well on his way.
So I phoned his wife, and I said yeah, you know
we've gotta get busy on Carmen, I said he is
showing signs of moving on.
And she says, yes, he's been in a
unconscious state for several days now
and the doctors say any hour now
he'll be gone.
I said well here's a number.
Now I developed a number on the spot.
At the time to deal with what his condition was.
I didn't know what it was, but it wasn't cancer.
It really was the chemicals from the chemo
were killing him, and so I developed a neutralizing
number to counter what it was that was killing him.
I didn't know what was killing him, I just
was able to say something is killing him
and I got an answer, yes give me a number
to counter that.
And so --
How did you find out that it was a toxic
effect from the chemicals?
Well I asked afterwards the question,
but at the time I was developing the number I was just
dealing with a condition, which I'm able to do.
I say okay fine, you have a condition.
Is there a number or numbers that will eliminate
that condition, and my rod would say yes.
Okay, give me that number.
So I have no idea what we're eliminating.
So I gave her that number and she sat and read
that number to him probably for the next
day or two, and I phoned her back in about
two or three days, expecting that he had passed on,
and I said, how did Carmen make out?
She says, do you wanna talk to him?
So anyway, I say, yes I'd love to talk to him.
So I say hi Carmen, how you doing?
He said thanks buddy, you did it.
And he's alive today.
Aw, that's wonderful.
Yeah it's been what, three years ago?
Yeah.
And so he says there's no other way,
he was on his way out, he was not aware of it
but he says in reviewing the whole thing
he said it was...
my wife, he gives me the credit I say no,
I say your wife did it, it wasn't me.
I just gave her some numbers to work with.
And she had the intention you're going to
hang on, you're going to stay alive.
And that obviously in a situation that emotionally
powerful, is a big part of it.
And then you read the refined element of
the numbers along with that and you get
a more powerful effect.
You know, we don't, it's not an ego trip.
We don't dwell on successes.
We more dwell on challenges, and people come in,
we had a woman very recently who is a healer
in her own right, and she had gone to the doctor
and had run some tests and she had some chromosome
problems and they said you know,
this is where your problem is, but there's nothing
we can do to help you.
She says I know somebody that can.
And so she phoned me up and told me what
her problem was, well come on over and let's get busy.
So she came over and we basically developed
the energy she needed to get her chromosomes
functioning properly, and she's doing fine.
She went back to the doctor here very recently
and the doctor basically said, well your numbers
should be up in this certain range.
And he said, you're way down here
what in the hell did you do?
And she says, we fixed it.
But it's a matter of just understanding the energetic
reality, nevermind putting names on things
be able to measure energy and adjust energy
to keep it in balance.
It makes sense Lloyd when you think back to
the articles and headlines even from the 1930's
even with Roe, Rim, and Rife's work.
Where he had discovered certain frequencies that worked
and was wiping out cancer in the day.
In fact the articles said the end of cancer.
They found the technology, again, based on
these frequencies, these numbers.
So it makes perfect sense, although this is something
that is a little more manageable for individuals
it seems because they can take their numbers home
and do it themselves.
Yeah, you don't need another practitioner to
treat you in this program.
You and, if you happen to have the manual, or
the number specific, you basically
that is the team.
You and your numbers.
And it's a matter of determining what numbers
you're short and what you need to be in balance,
but once that's done, then you have
the tools to work with.
Now can a person divine or whatever,
however, I say divine, their own numbers?
I've never met anybody yet that was proficient at that.
I've had lots of people try and they come up with
numbers, here check this number, see if it
will do this.
In almost all cases, no, it didn't.
Now I don't know what their train of thought was
when they did it, and why it didn't develop for them
but I've never met anybody yet that was capable
to develop the numbers, although I've shown
them how I do it, and it's a very basic program
that I have, but it
but certainly they can use the numbers, but they've
not been able to develop --
Self diagnoses is a little more difficult
it seems and maybe it's because we have our filters,
belief systems, and so forth that
maybe it doesn't allow us to dispassionately
go in and identify down to that fine
a degree what's going on.
There's something yet that we have to determine
how to allow that to evolve.
And it may well be that we will figure out,
what I am attempting to do of course is to
put together an organization of people that will
learn this and carry it to the next level.
And I'm hoping that somehow rather
we learn how they can create the sequences
that are required to take it to the next level.
I will be there to help them, but I'm not
the world's best teacher, and I think at
my age and what not I'm better off spending
my time and effort at moving,
helping move the program forward and have others
teach it and...
Well as you've said a number of times.
We need to get to work, so
hopefully there are people listening and watching
right now that are resonating with what
you're saying and, among that and the other
people you've had contact with, you'll be able
to build this organization sooner than later
because we can certainly use all the quantum
healing we can get.
Well it's very effective and very inexpensive
and with the price of medicine and the price of
medical care being what it is,
we're gonna have to look at some of the alternatives
so basic stuff can at least be treated
and the sniffles you don't go to emergency room
and for a sniffle you basically have a number for silver
which is antibacterial, or a number for palladium,
which is antiviral, and you may find by doing
those two numbers, the sniffle goes away.
So the opening of people's minds to realize
that there is a less expensive but an effective way
of looking after yourself, has to evolve.
Absolutely.
There just is no economic possibility
that we can sustain the influx of cost
as we're seeing in medical and being able to afford
to be there.
Absolutely, well I want to thank you so much
for your contribution and your work,
and I hope that you gather the people around you
that you need to take this forward.
Well there's many of them out there.
The biggest problem is it's an economic reality
and you can't bring people into something like this
and say you're going to go onto a six month learning
spree and we're going to develop a program,
because they'll starve to death at the end of the first
week unless you have the money to support them
and the program, so my effort at this time
is trying to create some means of a financial
reality so this can happen.
And we do create income and that will always
be part of it, but
anyway, that's --
Need some kind of seed capital.
Or you need it to come from somewhere and I guess
we shouldnt' be closed to how that might show up.
Well, we're basically looking and in the meantime
we're forging ahead.
Well, Lloyd thank you so much for your time.
I very much enjoyed this talk.
Thanks for taking your time.
Lloyd has compiled his eight year study
containing the specific numeric frequencies
for various conditions and is now making the book
available to the public.
Meanwhile, he, his wife Phyllis, and their dog Wrinkles
are happy to travel to anyone who wishes
to put a group together.
He does his assessment and balancing sessions
for an extremely reasonable fee.
You can contact Lloyd at the link below.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(peaceful music)